1. What is E-government and E-governance.?
 E-government is the use of information and communications technologies(ICT) to trasform the tradional government by making it accessible, trasparent, effective and accountable.(note; E-government does not mean putting more computers on the desks of government officials.)
E- government will not be successful just only buying more computers and putting up websites.it's not sufficent to automate administrative practices from the paper system to digital sysytem. Rather, e-government is a process of transforming government; it requires planning, political will and a sustained dedication of resources.

E-governance is a broader concept and includes the use of ICT by government and civil society to promote greater participation of citizens in the governance of polical institution, e.g. use of the internet by politicians and political parties to elicit views from their constituencies in an efficient manner , or the publicizing of views by civil socity organizations which are in conflict with the ruling powers.
E-Governance is the public sector's use of information and communication technologies with the aim of improving information and services delivery ,encouraging citizen participation in the decision-making process and making government more accounttable ,transparent and effective.
E-governance refers to the utilization of information and communication technology for providing government services, disseminating information , communication operations with the general public.


What are differences between E-government and E-govrnance ?

1. definition with example.better e-voting for E-government.
2.whilst e-government has traditionally been understood as being centered around the operations of government, e-governance is understant to extend the scoppe by including citizen engagement and participation in govermance.
3.e-government's focus is on constituencies and stakeholderrs outside the organization ,whether it is the government or public sector at the city ,country state , national or international levels On the other hand, e-governance focuses on administration and management within an organization, whethere it is public or private, large or small.
4.E-Government is a system while E-governance is a function.
5.E-Government is a one way communication protocols .on the contry ,e-govrnance is a two way communication protocols
6. E-Governance is sunset of E-Government.